Content Cards customizability update documentation related to release (#2003)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/ios/content_cards/customization.md

## Customizing the Content Cards Feed

> You can create your own Content Cards interface by extending `ABKContentCardsTableViewController` to customize all UI elements and Content Cards behavior. The ContentCard cells may also be subclassed in particular the `setUpUI` method is powerful for customization and then registered with the tableview either by implementing `registerTableViewCellClasses` or using a custom Storyboard that registers your new classes. See the [Content Cards sample app](https://github.com/Appboy/appboy-ios-sdk/tree/master/Samples/ContentCards/BrazeContentCardsSampleApp) for a more complete example. Alternatively, you can create a completely custom view controller and [subscribe for data updates]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/ios/content_cards/data_model/). In the latter case, you would need to log all view events, dismissed events, and clicks manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create your own Content Cards interface by extending `ABKContentCardsTableViewController` to customize all UI elements and Content Cards behavior. The Content Card cells may also be subclassed and then used programmatically or by introducing a custom Storyboard that registers the new classes. See the [Content Cards sample app](https://github.com/Appboy/appboy-ios-sdk/tree/master/Samples/ContentCards/BrazeContentCardsSampleApp) for a more complete example. Alternatively, you can create a completely custom view controller and [subscribe for data updates]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/ios/content_cards/data_model/). In the latter case, you would need to log all view events, dismissed events, and clicks manually.
```
